src/models/batman/batmobile-tv-series/index.md, before:

---
title: 'Batman: Batmobile TV Series (1966)'
description:
    This metal model from the classic Batmobile from the TV show was fun to build but challenging due to the curved
    bodywork.
date: 2021-11-08
pictures:
    model: 6
    detail: 5
officialModel: https://www.metalearth.com/batman/batman-classic-tv-series-batmobile
---

I got a bit tired of the Star Wars theme and decided to try models from my favorite superhero: Batman. There are a few
models available, but I found the batmobile series really appealing.

The model is the batmobile from the classic 1966 TV Series. It has a few challenging parts due to the curved bodywork,
the small, rounded exhaust, and the wheels. The instructions were not enough to get the curvature right, and more often
than not I had to eyeball the right curvature from online pics.

In this model, I decided to use glue for the small parts. So far, my experience is that tiny parts like the three tubes
(exhausts?) behind the cabin are going to become loose pretty quickly, so after bending them I glued the tabs to the
rest of the body. This is also true for any part that holds the weight of the model (in this case, the wheels). The
connection with the main body was a tiny square that didn't look very sturdy, so I reinforced it with some glue.

Overall, I'm not super impressed with this model. It doesn't have a lot of detail, and the matte finish makes it less
appealing.

Commit message:

Process images at build time

src/models/batman/batmobile-tv-series/index.md, after:

---
title: 'Batmobile: "Batman" TV Series'
description: Metal model of the batmobile from the TV Show (1966), by Metal Earth.
date: 2021-11-08
pictures:
    entry: 5
officialModel: https://www.metalearth.com/batman/batman-classic-tv-series-batmobile
---

I got a bit tired of the Star Wars theme and decided to try models from my favorite superhero: Batman. There are a few
models available, but I found the batmobile series really appealing.

The model is the batmobile from the classic 1966 TV Series. It has a few challenging parts due to the curved bodywork,
the small, rounded exhaust, and the wheels. The instructions were not enough to get the curvature right, and more often
than not I had to eyeball the right curvature from online pics.

In this model, I decided to use glue for the small parts. So far, my experience is that tiny parts like the three tubes
(exhausts?) behind the cabin are going to become loose pretty quickly, so after bending them I glued the tabs to the
rest of the body. This is also true for any part that holds the weight of the model (in this case, the wheels). The
connection with the main body was a tiny square that didn't look very sturdy, so I reinforced it with some glue.

Overall, I'm not super impressed with this model. It doesn't have a lot of detail, and the matte finish makes it less
appealing.
